Add: JWT validation and GKE troubleshooting (#8678)
open-metadata/OpenMetadata: openmetadata-docs/content/deployment/security/jwt-troubleshooting.md

---
title: JWT validation Troubleshooting
slug: /deployment/security/jwt-troubleshooting
---
# JWT Troubleshooting

> Add the `{domain}:{port}/config/jwks` in the list of publicKeyUrls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the `{domain}:{port}/config/jwks` in the list of `publicKeyUrls`:
```

Reviewer: `publicKeyUrls` or `publicKeys`?

Author: It should be `publicKeys`.

```yaml
  authentication:
    provider: "google"
    publicKeys:
    - "https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v3/certs"
    - "http://localhost:8585/api/v1/config/jwks" (your domain and port)
```

> This config with `"http://localhost:8585/api/v1/config/jwks"` is default behavior. if you configuring and expecting a jwt token to work, its important that config with that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This config with `"http://localhost:8585/api/v1/config/jwks"` is the default behavior. If you are configuring and expecting a JWT token to work, configuring with that extra URL is required.
```

JWT Tokens are issued by private certificates.

> We need public keys to decrypt it and get at the user name and expiry time etc from that token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need public keys to decrypt it and get that token's user name, expiry time, etc.
```

In OpenMetadata users can enable SSO for users to login and use JWT tokens issued by OpenMetadata for bots

> The way OpenMetadata issues a JWT Token is using this [config](https://github.com/open-metadata/OpenMetadata/blob/main/conf/openmetadata.yaml#L155). It uses the rsaprivateKeyPath file to generate a token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way OpenMetadata issues a JWT Token is using this [config](https://github.com/open-metadata/OpenMetadata/blob/main/conf/openmetadata.yaml#L155). It uses the `rsapublicKeyFilePath` file to generate a token.
```

> When the ingestion worfkflow uses this token , we use rsapublicKeyPath to decrypt it. The way we do this is using the response from this endpoint `http://localhost:8585/api/v1/config/jwks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the ingestion workflow uses this token, we use `rsapublicKeyPath` to decrypt it. The way we do this is using the response from this endpoint `http://localhost:8585/api/v1/config/jwks`.
```

## Get JWT token from UI.

First Open Open-Metadata UI than go to settings > Bots > Ingestion Bot

<div className="w-100 flex justify-center">
<Image
  src="/images/deployment/troubleshoot/jwt-token.png"

>   alt="jwt-token"

Reviewer: "jwt-token" will be the footer of the image, is it correct?

>   caption="jwt-token"

Author: Yes it's correct

>   caption="jwt-token"

Reviewer: I think [this](https://github.com/open-metadata/OpenMetadata/commit/23c2fc09b66998b3b5e6f330ffeaf786e244b7e4) change got lost.

>   caption="jwt-token"

Author: Done

>   caption="jwt-token"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  caption="JWT token in Openmetada UI"
```

/>
</div>

You can validate that in [jwt.io](https://jwt.io/). if there's something wrong on how the JWT token was generated.

<div className="w-100 flex justify-center">
<Image
  src="/images/deployment/troubleshoot/jwt-validation.png"
  alt="jwt.io"

>   caption="jwt-validation"

Author: Yes it's correct.

>   caption="jwt-validation"

Reviewer: I think [this](https://github.com/open-metadata/OpenMetadata/commit/23c2fc09b66998b3b5e6f330ffeaf786e244b7e4) change got lost.

>   caption="jwt-validation"

Author: Done

>   caption="jwt-validation"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  caption="jwt.io tool for validating JWT claims"
```
